so I'll buy you a drink later loves to
go again at the scrum they buckle up
front but they get the ball away and
O'Leary takes it away too when it's left
I think again Northampton thought they
should have had a penalty at that scrub
well Northampton are gonna be click
clever now and disciplined because again
you know what's gonna happen a penalty
Ronan O'Gara drop go rolling negara it's
gonna be really difficult to drop a goal
in this win from distance where's Ronan
volley who came up out of that scrum but
now he's on the floor setting the ball
back and to O'Leary and they want to
keep him about the 10 meter you said
about the wind the winds picking up but
the 10 minutes a line there'll be a big
grain green line across the field now
stop in the red attackers who nearly
lost forward by Murphy one more mistake
from Munster and it's game over
it's that home defeat only Leicester
have done it before on this crown in the
Heineken Cup on Northampton gonna
emulate their English East Midlands
rivals by winning here final minute then
Munster trying desperately to set the
position but ogre is nowhere near enough
at the moment
40 seconds 40 seconds
nyeh Ronan still it's all around the
10-meter line monster can't find this
way at the moment sugar from Omari the
collective gasp goes around tome apart
honey can cap drawer of the highest
order here it's been a fantastic match
from first whistle to last and that last
whistle now is so close
Northampton so close this is an amazing
achievement from North if they keep man
strategy of the defense the bodies on
the line commitment they just seem to be
staying in one areas eighty minutes are
up one mistake Northampton win we're
into dead time then Ronan O'Gara
Peter Oh Marnie now it's almost on
halfway hardly the captain looks tries
to get over at O'Leary to put the
pressure on
there goes chambers O'Leary goes on so
we've had some finishes today haven't we
chambers again O'Connell
Northampton told by the referee to hold
their discipline but they're doing that
by themselves amazing tackling amazing
defense O'Leary again are they gonna
have to risk it and go why they're going
backwards it's it's just oppressive
defense from Northampton they need
someone just to ignite something now
Bunsen they need one break home defeat
is not on the menu in the Heineken Cup
of Muenster know it and now suddenly
it's across that ten meter line again
with chambers real injection of pace and
power to can math we do the same 23
phases
Northampton creeping offside but I tell
you what I don't think much loans going
to give a penalty way back again with
O'Leary Dennis leave me not chosen at
the start but certainly part of the
finish and water finish mafi again
Murphy's got it this is risky but at
some point they've got to do something
more than hopping around this 10 meter
area on the field they know that
Northampton well at the moment they're
not going to give a penalty away it can
they keep like that O'Leary again bumps
into his own man but no real
interference there O'Leary is struggling
to get the ball back but does John Hayes
had it then into the 30s now to face
play in this move oh Gaara Murphy from
Helmut Jahn Clark's trying to hold him
up and get the ball off in Ingo store
and Jones Munster still have it and they
are getting closer John Hayes what a way
to celebrate a hundred it will be to win
from here
there's nothing apart from Hurley and
chambers on this side that boar did he
came loose it's going back now for Ogura
but he's not right and it wasn't the
right delivery and monster
coming through who found the volume then
this place goes wide again it comes
quiet what a tackle that is O'Connell
trying to get Oh Gaara in the shooting
position Lima is trying to do the same
here
could carry from him Oh chorus coming
flat again Oh Oh Gaara where you going
isolated through comes Wilson
would trying to get through leave me
water had to be careful the face it's
all on this
to finish
sure
this competition
takes you to new heights
and have we ever seen anything like that
Nick Evans Harlequins against Ted now
Ronan O'Gara monster against Northampton
Wow did they do it
in a word because they've got the
confidence they've got the class and
they've got the belief they've been
under the pump for a couple of years but
they've still got this desire was it the
16th man was it these guys work you
commentated on amazing my a games but I
tell you what it never fails to amaze me
but belief that these guys isn't that
they're modern man to believe you
believe you can do it